---
template: PoolDetailPage
ticker: PIADA
memberSince: 2021-04-18
identities: 
    - id: tony-piada
      role: spo
    - id: wael-ivie
      role: spo
telegram: Qwail
github: AstroWa3l
contentSections:
  - type: ImagesSection
    images:
      - url: https://piada.io/photo_2021-03-09-13.44.02.jpeg
      - url: https://piada.io/download-8.jpeg
---

## About Us

As stake pool operators we here at PIADA are dedicated to decentralization and Cardano blockchain technology!

Our team includes a blockchain visionary with experience in ambitious engineering startups and an IT professional with 20+ years of experience in Windows and Linux environments. We enjoy working with Raspberry Pi and other ARM hardware and we are excited about creating an ARM education hub where people can learn and engage.

Our goal is to provide educational tutorials to those interested in a cost-effective, energy-friendly stake pool operation on the Cardano network.

## Our Mission

Provide easy-to-understand educational resources that empower people not only to create their own stake pool, but to build and innovate on the Cardano blockchain.

Teach system administration skills, DevOps, and best practices for operating a Raspberry Pi stake pool.

Sustain long-term documentation and tutorials through our open-source Gitbook project that will be free and available to all.

Develop a powerful global community of low-cost, energy-efficient stake pool operations.

## Stake Pool Hardware

We are a Raspberry Pi 4B powered stake pool using power over ethernet, USB3 bootable Crucial BX500 SSD’s and a pure sinewave UPS for backup power with a solar failover. Our current stake pool configuration is only pulling around 25 watts of power average which includes the PoE switch!

Our main relays are located on the east coast of the US with a failover relay on the west coast of the US. Our east coast internet connection is FTTH with 300 up/300 down ensuring rapid block replication to remote peers. Our pool ticker can be found in [pooltool.io’s Network Health Propagation Times section](https://pooltool.io/networkhealth) as one of the fastest pools for network propagation.
