---
template: PoolDetailPage
ticker: MINI1
memberSince: 2021-06-02
identities:
  - id: julien-terrier
    role: spo
nodes:
  - role: producer
    deviceId: Mac-Mini-M1-16gb
    storage: 512 GB SSD
  - role: relay
    deviceId: raspberry-pi-4-8gb
    storage: Sandisk Extreme Portable V1
  - role: relay
    deviceId: raspberry-pi-4-8gb
    storage: Samsung Portable T7 Touch
---

## Our Mission

As a small and independent single-stake pool operator, our primary mission is to strengthen the decentralization and security of the Cardano blockchain. At MINI Pool, we care about the environment. That's why we decided to run our Stake Pool with energy-efficient hardware and power it with renewable energy. The electricity comes 100% from hydroelectric power plants in Switzerland and abroad.

Beyond that, we are committed to introducing people to Cardano's vision, values and application possibilities in a way that is easy to understand and always entertaining. The roadmap of projects is long, starting from the creation of our own unique piggy bank NFT's to educational videos produced in our local Swiss German language. To spread the word about Cardano, we first need to reach the people around us. Therefore, it is even more important to do this in your own language.

## Stake with us!

We cannot achieve our goals as a stake pool without the support of the community. The support is provided through the staking of ADA coins to our pool. Every ADA owner can delegate/stake his coins to a stake pool of his choice. The larger a stake pool's staking balance, the greater its influence as a stake pool operator on the Cardano network, and the higher the pool's probability of generating blocks. For each generated block, the pool is compensated with ADA coins by the network. As a delegator you will earn ADA coins too, when the stake pool forges blocks.

As a welcome reward for our new delegators, we give one of our unique, colorful and cute Mini piggy bank NFT's for free. You only need to stake 1000 ADA with us and you can claim your favorite piece through our site [MINI NFT Collection](https://www.adaministake.com/services-9)

So what are you waiting for? Stake with us!
